[docs] Improve Website Styling (#4004)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/faqs/_index.md

Use a [finalizer].

> ## I keep seeing the following intermittent warning in my Operator's logs: 
> `The resourceVersion for the provided watch is too old.` 
> ## What's wrong?

Reviewer: Is it possible to use the old header, maybe something more succinct like
```suggestion
## I see the warning in my Operator's logs "the resourceVersion for the provided watch is too old". What's wrong?
```

Author: ![Screen Shot 2020-11-10 at 2 38 42 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26195902/98725020-95af6880-2362-11eb-96fe-fa721d0316d3.png)

Updated formatting style to the previous header.
